A very important cultural integration
you need to know about is the one with Amazon EventBridge
to intercept any API calls.
So let's say you wanted to receive an SNS notification,
anytime a user would delete a table
in DynamoDB by using the DeleteTable API Call.
So what happens that whenever we do an API call in AWS,
as you know, the API call itself is going
to be logged in CloudTrail.
That's for any API call.
But then all these API calls will end up as events
as well in Amazon EventBridge.
And so we can look
for that very specific delete table API call,
and create a rule out of it.
And this rule will have a destination
the destination being Amazon SNS
and therefore, we can create alerts.
So let me give you a few more examples
on how you can integrate Amazon Eventbridge and CloudTrail.
For example, say, you wanted to be notified
whenever a user was assuming a role in your accounts.
So the AssumeRole is an API in the IAM service
and therefore, is going to be logged by CloudTrail.
And then using EventBridge integration,
we can trigger a message into an SNS topic.
Similarly, we can also intercept API calls that,
for example, change the Security Group inbound rules.
So the Security Group call
is called AuthorizeSecurityGroupIngress,
and it's an EC2 API call.
So these are going to be logged again by CloudTrail
and then they will appear in EventBridge
and then we can trigger a notification in SNS.
So as you can see, the possibilities are endless,
but now you have a few ideas
of how the integration can be leveraged.
So I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.